README.md, before:

<img align="left" src="https://github.com/Geoxor/Amethyst/raw/master/assets/icon.png?raw=true" alt="Amethyst icon" width="128">

![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/385387666415550474?label=Discord&logo=discord&style=flat)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/geoxor/amethyst?label=Size)

**English** | [简体中文](./README-zh.md) | [Русский](./README-ru.md) | [Polski](./README-pl.md) | [Deutsch](./README-de.md)

# Amethyst

Amethyst is an [Electron-based](https://electronjs.org/) cross-platform audio player with a [node-based](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Node_graph_architecture) [audio routing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Audio_signal_flow) system, the main goal of this project is to make a [music player](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_player_software) in [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) to see how far the language can be stretched to prove it's possible to provide pro-level features as most [DAWs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_audio_workstation) / [DAEs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Audio_editing_software), while also providing useful tools and customizability to the [end-user](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/End_user).

![Amethyst](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f754d928-3886-47f6-a784-649228050ab0)

## [Download](https://amethyst.pages.dev/installation/package_managers.html)

## [Documentation](https://amethyst.pages.dev/introduction.html)

## 📝 Contributing

- Use `Node.js v18.0.0`
- Use the `recommended extensions`
- Have `libvips` installed for linux
- Have `yarn` installed

## ⌨️ Coding

- Install dependencies with `yarn`
- Develop with `yarn dev`
- Compile with `yarn package`, compiled files will be in the `release/build` folder

Commit message:

Update README to have correct node version, suggest use of nvm

README.md, after:

<img align="left" src="https://github.com/Geoxor/Amethyst/raw/master/assets/icon.png?raw=true" alt="Amethyst icon" width="128">

![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/385387666415550474?label=Discord&logo=discord&style=flat)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/geoxor/amethyst?label=Size)

**English** | [简体中文](./README-zh.md) | [Русский](./README-ru.md) | [Polski](./README-pl.md) | [Deutsch](./README-de.md)

# Amethyst

Amethyst is an [Electron-based](https://electronjs.org/) cross-platform audio player with a [node-based](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Node_graph_architecture) [audio routing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Audio_signal_flow) system, the main goal of this project is to make a [music player](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_player_software) in [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) to see how far the language can be stretched to prove it's possible to provide pro-level features as most [DAWs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_audio_workstation) / [DAEs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Audio_editing_software), while also providing useful tools and customizability to the [end-user](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/End_user).

![Amethyst](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f754d928-3886-47f6-a784-649228050ab0)

## [Download](https://amethyst.pages.dev/installation/package_managers.html)

## [Documentation](https://amethyst.pages.dev/introduction.html)

## 📝 Contributing

NOTE: [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) is suggested, so you can have multiple different versions of node.js installed simultaneously.

- Use `Node.js v20.0.0`
- Use the `recommended extensions`
- Have `libvips` installed for linux
- Have `yarn` installed

## ⌨️ Coding

- Install dependencies with `yarn`
- Develop with `yarn dev`
- Compile with `yarn package`, compiled files will be in the `release/build` folder
